Add test case table updates to changelog for march (#192)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-03.mdx

title: Changelog | March, 2024
---

## Test Suite Table Updates

_March 21th, 2024_

> The Test Cases Table on the Test Suites page has been updated to use the same new styling and functionality as the Test Cases Table that you'll find on Evaluation Reports!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Test Cases table on the Test Suites page has been updated to use the same new styling and functionality as the Test Cases table that you'll find when viewing a Prompt/Workflow Evaluation Report. With this, adding, editing, and deleting Test Cases is generally more reliable. Additionally, special variables types, like Chat History, have an improved display are are no longer displayed as raw JSON.
```

Author: applied during merge resolution

![Workflow Deployment Execution](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/workflow-deployment-execution-diagram.png)

## Test Suite Table Updates

> _March 21th, 2024_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_March 21st, 2024_
```
